Update docs for Galactica (#104)
vechain/vechain-docs: core-concepts/transactions/transaction-model.md

}

type body struct {
	ChainTag              byte			
	BlockRef              uint64
	Expiration            uint32
	Clauses               []*Clause
	GasPriceCoef          uint8
	Gas                   uint64
	MaxFeePerGas          *big.Int
	MaxPriorityFeePerGas  *big.Int
	DependsOn             *thor.Bytes32 `rlp:"nil"`
	Nonce                 uint64
	Reserved              reserved
	Signature             []byte
}
```

Fields within the transaction `body`, $$\Omega$$ , are defined as:

* `ChainTag` – last byte of the genesis block ID which is used to identify a blockchain to prevent the cross-chain replay attack
* `BlockRef` - reference to a specific block
* `Expiration` – how long, in terms of the number of blocks, the transaction will be allowed to be mined in VeChainThor
* `Clauses` – an array of _Clause_ objects each of which contains fields `To`, `Value` and `Data` to enable a single transaction to carry multiple tasks issued by the transaction sender

> * `GasPriceCoef` – coefficient used to calculate the gas price for the transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `GasPriceCoef` – coefficient used to calculate the gas price for legacy transactions
```
